# 1. Intro

- [1. Intro](#1-intro)
  - [Format](#format)
    - [Question Types](#question-types)
      - [Arguments](#arguments)
      - [Analysis](#analysis)
      - [Themes](#themes)


## Format
60 minutes in total

| Task 1                                 | Task 2                                |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| Score weithts 1/3                      | Score weithts 2/3                     |
| at least 150 words in about 20 minutes | at least 250 words in about 40minutes |

e.g.
**You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.**
Write about the following topic:
>Some people believe children should have organized activities in their free time. Others believe children should decide what to do in their free time on their own.Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

Give **reasons** for your **answer** and include any relevant **examples** from your knowledge or experience.
Write <u>at least 250 words</u>.

### Question Types
#### Arguments

| Agree or disagree | Both views | Positive/negative | Ad/dis |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ----------------- | ------ |
| 35%               | 35%        | 5%                | 5%     |
#### Analysis

| Two-part analysis |
| ----------------- |
| 20%               |
#### Themes

| Themes           | %   |
| ---------------- | --- |
| Education        | 20  |
| Tech             | 15  |
| Environ & Health | 15  |
| Social issues    | 20  |
| Life issues      | 20  |
| Business & Work  | 10  |

<br />

e.g.
Agree or disagree -35% & Education -20%：
>Everyone should stay in school until they reach the age of 18.
>To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Both Views -35% & Education -20%
>Some people believe children should have organized activities in their free time. Others believe children should decide what to do in their free time on their own.
>Discuss ==both views== and give your own opinion.

Pos/Neg -5% & Tech -15%
>More and more people no longer read newspapers or watch TV programs to get news. They get news about the world through the Internet.
>Is this a positive or negative development?

Adv/Dis -5% && Health & Social issues
>Some people think that good health is very important to every person, so medical service should not be run by profit-making companies.
>Do the advantages of private healthcare outweigh thedisadvantages?


Two-Part Analysis -20% && Environ & Health-20%
>The level of noise around us is constantlyincreasing, and is affecting the quality of our lives.What causes the noise? What should be doneabout it?

**Causes** / Effects / **Solutions**

<br />

Two-Part Analysis -20% && Social & life issues
>In today's world, people spend a lot of money onappearance because they want to look youngerWhy does this happen? Do you think this is apositive or negative development?

**Causes** / **Effects** / Solutions

<br />

5段  
300+ words，40min，6.5 need 350，7.0 need 400  
Clear, Cohesive, diomatic, and Academic

常见写作结构——列表式写作
- Intro
- Supporting List
- Opposing List
- Conclusion

五六分最多

<br />

An Effective 7+ Structure -Argument
- The Beginning
- Point 1 + Reasoning.
- Point 2 + Exemplification
- Point 3 + Concession 欲扬先抑，让步拉回
- The End
